README.md, before:

#Wildbow Web Serial Scraper for Kindle

I couldn't find a good ebook/kindle version of worm, the fantastic web serial by wildbow (John McCrae), and subsequent works, so I decided to make one. You can now enjoy worm, pact, and twig without all of the eye strain! Until wildbow gets these things published, this is the next best option.

[Please support the author!](https://parahumans.wordpress.com/support/)

![Worm Header](http://parahumans.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/cityscape2.jpg)

##Download

Download the ebook or run the scraper yourself.

##How to run:

1. Clone this project
2. Install dependencies - Ruby, zlib, and calibre
  
  ```command
  sudo apt-get install ruby-dev
  sudo apt-get install zlib1g-dev
  sudo apt-get install calibre
  ```
  In early versions, uri and open-uri were required gems, but they appear to have been rolled into the Ruby build now. 
  ```command
  gem install nokogiri
  ```
3. Run the shell script, with the option of choice. -h shows options, -w creates the worm ebook, -p creates pact, -t creates twig and -r creates ward; -a creates all three.

  ```command
  chmod +x make_ebook.sh
  ./make_ebook.sh -a
  ```

Commit message:

Add options to begin end end ebook at specific arc

README.md, after:

#Wildbow Web Serial Scraper for Kindle

I couldn't find a good ebook/kindle version of worm, the fantastic web serial by wildbow (John McCrae), and subsequent works, so I decided to make one. You can now enjoy worm, pact, and twig without all of the eye strain! Until wildbow gets these things published, this is the next best option.

[Please support the author!](https://parahumans.wordpress.com/support/)

![Worm Header](http://parahumans.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/cityscape2.jpg)

##Download

Download the ebook or run the scraper yourself.

##How to run:

1. Clone this project
2. Install dependencies - Ruby, zlib, and calibre
  
  ```command
  sudo apt-get install ruby-dev
  sudo apt-get install zlib1g-dev
  sudo apt-get install calibre
  ```
  In early versions, uri and open-uri were required gems, but they appear to have been rolled into the Ruby build now. 
  ```command
  gem install nokogiri
  ```
3. Run the shell script, with the option of choice. -h shows options, -b begins at a specific arc, -e end at a specific arc, -w creates the worm ebook, -p creates pact, -t creates twig and -r creates ward; -a creates all three.

  ```command
  chmod +x make_ebook.sh
  ./make_ebook.sh -a
  ```
